<h1>Review Guide</h1>

<h2>1. General Info</h2>

0. If you are unsure about anything in our code at all, please do not hesitate to give us a call at
   079 336 74 87.
1. Please first read `1. High Level Description`. It should give you a good overview of what we are trying to achieve and what the standard processes are.
1. There is a file called `3. Tests.md` which shows all the test cases we have implemented so far and also serves as a specification.  It gives function level specification items. Negative tests are marked by 'NEG'.
Usually we violate one condition at a time and make sure the corresponding revert message is the one we expect.

<h2>2. Special roles</h2>

<p>The contract `ServiceHunterShares` has an owner who can execute the usual functions like minting, pausing (which also affects the drag-along contract), adjusting claim parameters, deleting claims etc. </p>

<p>There is also a 'master role' in the `Ownable` contract that can change owner.</p>

<p>
The contract `DraggableServiceHunterShares` does not have an owner but some of the actions the owner of the share contract takes are reflected here as well, in particular the choice of custom collateral and the ability to delete claims.
</p>

<h2>3. Clarifications - Draggable</h2>

<h4>Constructor</h4>

The line `IShares(wrappedToken).totalShares()` prevents us from wrapping a contract that does not have a `totalShares` variable.

<h4>The transfer function</h4>

When a user calls the `transfer` function, it will first hit the `transfer` function implemented in the `ERC20Claimable` contract. This is necessary, as we automatically clear claims on an address that makes a transfer.

From there `super.transfer` is called which is located in the `ERC20` contract. Here the function `_transfer` is called which in the case of the Draggable share is located in `ERC20Draggable`. This is necessary in order to adjust vote numbers when tokens are transferred.

This in turn calls `super._transfer` which is again located in `ERC20`.

In the case of the regular share `_transfer` is called directly in the `ERC20` contract as it does not inherit `ERC20Draggable`.

<h4>Currency Update</h4>

Some currencies (including the Crypto Franc) support updating the currency. We also support this through the `updateCurrency` function. 
--> Currently not tested.

<h4>Wrap</h4>

The function `wrap` is used to enter the shareholder agreement while there is no offer. While an offer is pending it is not possible to join the shareholder agreement.

<h4>Migration</h4>

The contract `ERC20Draggable` supports a migration. If a third contract `UpdatedDraggableShare` (ERC20 but not known and potentially untrusted) has more than 75% of the drag-along tokens, it can call `migrate` to seize all equity. In return it deposits it's own new tokens in the old contract corresponding to the number of old tokens still owned by other parties.
We excplicitly do not test this beyond the fact that the function `migrate` should work.

<h4>Unwrap</h4>

The function `unwrap` can only be used if there exists an accepted offer or the contract has been updated using the `migrate` function, in these cases we have `active == false`.
The user's tokens are burned and currency (or the new token) is transferred to the user according to the `unwrapConversionFactor` (which in this case is the price per share).



<h2>4. Clarifications - Acquisition</h2>

The `Acquisition` contract essentially serves as a data structure containing the current offer (if there is one). Aside from basic data like the buyer, the price and the date it also takes care of recording the votes.
When a new offer is made, a new instance of the Acquisition contract is generated. If an offer is deleted, the Acquisition instance is destroyed.


<h2>5. Clarifications - Claimable</h2>

<h4>_setCustomClaimCollateral</h4>

By default, `ERC20Claimable` only supports collaterals posted in the form of the token itself (i.e. shares or drag-along tokens respectively). The share contract `ServiceHunterShares` can (but does not have to) implement the function `setCustomClaimCollateral` which then in turn calls the internal function `_setCustomClaimCollateral` to allow for custom collateral types like XCHF.

Please note that this can never interfere with previously existing claims as the address of the token used as collateral is recorded with every claim.

A similar overriding procedure is also in place for the function `getClaimDeleter`.
The user can however override this on a per-account basis and disable deleting for their own addresses using `setClaimable`.

<h2>6. Clarifications - Share</h2>

<h4>Minting with share numbers</h4>

There is a separate function `mintNumbered` which can be used to mint shares in a setting where share numbers are applicable or only a part of the share capital is tokenised.
The share numbers are emitted as an event but have no effect on the state at all.

<h4>Deep balances</h4>

The functions `recognizeSubRegister`, `removeSubRegister` and `balanceOfDeep` are purely informative (see code comments for more information).
