<h1>Preliminary report: Alethena comments</h1>

Please find below our comments in response to the preliminary report.
We have classified every issue either as 
1. FIX: Which means we did our best to fix the issue
2. Acknowledge: Which means we accept ChainSecurity's finding but have decided not to act.
3. No action: We disagree with ChainSecurity's finding or further clarification is needed.

<h3>Best Practices in ALETHENA’s project</h3>

**Smart Contract Test Suite**

We can run solidity-coverage@0.6.4, but unfortunately a large number of tests fail in this setting which most likely leads to incorrect coverage statistics.
We are unsure if this is a limitation of solidity-coverage or due to a configuration issue. We appreciate any advice regarding how we can extract precise coverage numbers.

<h3>Security Issues</h3>

**Unchecked return value in contract calls**

*Decision*: FIX
*Action*: Alethena has addressed this by adding a require statement to check the return value of any token transfer. 
Furthermore, an additional comment has been added to `ServiceHunterShares` and `DraggableServiceHunterShares` which explicitly explains what conditions need to be given in order for the contracts handling of the currency (or collateral) to be safe.
We therefore explictly decide against using `SafeERC20`.

<h3>Trust Issues</h3>

**`declareInvalid` rests on unnecessary assumptions**

*Decision*: Partial FIX
*Action*: Alethena agrees that it makes sense to require that no more shares can be invalidated than held by the address (to prevent simple user error).
However, we call attention to the fact that the number of invalidated tokens on a *specific* address cannot be determined on-chain. Hence, we cannot prevent a user from calling the corresponding function twice, thus in reality breaking the requirement.

We do not agree that the assumptions we rely on are unnecessary. The assumptions may be imperfect as they require reasonably good governance but the alternative of allowing a central actor to freely block anyone's tokens is inacceptable for our use case.

A good use case for the function is for example the case where drag-along tokens get sent to the drag-along contract by accident. As claiming the drag-along contract address is disabled, we can be sure that the lost tokens can never be recovered in any way.

We stress again that this function mainly stems from legal requirements in the coming blockchain regulation.

<h3>Design Issues</h3>

**Can try claiming of contract itself**

*Decision*: No action

*Reason*: The equity contract itself (`ServiceHunterShares`) can be claimed and this is intended (note that the company can delete a claim if necessary).
The drag-along contract cannot be claimed. Please note the last line of the constructor in `DraggableServiceHunterShares`:
```javascript
constructor(address wrappedToken, address xchfAddress, address offerFeeRecipient)
    ERC20Draggable(wrappedToken, UPDATE_QUORUM, ACQUISITION_QUORUM, xchfAddress, offerFeeRecipient, OFFER_FEE) public {
    IClaimable(wrappedToken).setClaimable(false);
}
```

**Possible underflow in `ServiceHunterShares.mintNumbered`**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: Using safeMath now.


**`clearClaim` perform claim exists check early**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: We now check `claims[msg.sender].collateral != 0` on the first line.


**Missing events in `Acquisition`**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: We added an event `VotesChanged` which emits the new number of yes and no votes everytime the numbers change.


**Fail early**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: Require moved to very beginning.

**Unnecessary uint256 return from `clearClaim` and `resolveClaim`**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: Removed return values.

**`preClaimPeriod` double meaning**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: Created another variable as suggested and more precise error messages in `require` statements.

**Unnecessary first transfer before burn**

*Decision*: No Action

*Reason*:

1. The share transfer in question is necessary for legal reasons.
2. The function `_transfer` cannot be removed as it is called as described in the review guide (it overrides the method `_transfer` in `ERC20.sol`).

**`ClaimParametersChanged` first parameter will always be 0**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: Created new events

```javascript
event ClaimPeriodChanged(uint256 newClaimPeriodInDays);
event CustomClaimCollateralChanged(address newCustomCollateralAddress, uint256 newCustomCollareralRate);
```

**Unused state variable `minOfferImprovement`**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: The variable is now used in the function `ERC20Draggable.initiateAcquisition`.

**State variables can be declared constant**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: Declared the variables constant --> Please let us know if we missed any.

**Use enum instead of −1, 0, and 1**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: Using enum as suggested

**Functions could be declared external**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: Declared the functions external --> Please let us know if we missed any.

**`vote` does not check if differs from current vote**

*Decision*: Acknowledge

Reason: This is checked at a later stage and has no impact on the end result.

**Timestamp can be saved in uint32**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: Timestamped saved in uint32

Question: What happens in 2038?

**Use solidity provided time units**

*Decision*: FIX

*Action*: Using built in units now --> PLEASE CHECK IF THIS WAS DONE CORRECTLY :-)

<h3>Recommendations / Suggestions</h3>

We have implemented all recommendations except the following:

- In the `wrap` function, the total additional require statements allow us to get more precise error messages. This seems reasonable to us, as this function is not called very often.
- We have decided against updating the OpenZeppelin library the current state suits our needs.
- We have decided to leave the overall structure of the code even though it does not always adhere to Solidity style guidelines because we believe it is easier to read in the current state from a functional perspective.
